simple as can be I got your hands in
mine and you don't have to listen
carefully I'll tell you a thousand
times anything you feel put it all on me
all of your thoughts I want everything
and when you get sad like you do
sometimes put it all on me
put it all on me I lift you when you're
feeling low I'll hold you in the night
get cold you'll never have to be
alone and that's all you need to know no
love lost we got you night no CL for
shoot them out the sky you never to be
alone and that's all you need to know
and that's all you need to
know and that's all you need to
know simple as can be I'm going to be
around and you know we got everything we
need look at this thing we
found anything you feel put it all on me
your fears and your thoughts give me all
of it and when you get sad like you do
sometimes put it all on
me put it all on me I live you away
feeling low I'll hold you when the night
is cold you'll never have to be
alone and that's all you need to know no
l l we got you one night no clouds will
shoot them out the sky you'll never ever
to be
alone and that's all you need to
know and that's all you need to
know and that's all you need to know
last can be I got your hands in
mine and you don't have to listen
carefully I'll tell you a thousand times
and that's all you need to know I lift
you a feeling low I'll hold you when the
night gets cold you'll never have to be
alone and that's all you need to know no
love lost we've got you and I no clouds
for shoot them out the sky you'll never
to be
alone and that's all you need to
know and that's all you need to
know and that's all you need to know I
you and feeling L I'll hold you in the
light is cold you'll never to be
alone and that's all you need to know no
love lost we you night no clouds P you
my sky you never to be
alone and that's all you need to
know and that's all you need know
[Music]